Cookies at isBIMLast Updated: January 2026This Cookie Statement ("Statement") explains how isBIM Limited uses cookies and similar technologies when you visit our website. It forms part of our Privacy Notice and explains what cookies are and how we use them.What Are Cookies and Similar Technologies?Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. These text files can be read by website operators and help to identify when you return to a website.Session cookies only last until your browser is closed. They are then deleted.Persistent cookies will remain on your device until they expire or are deleted by you.How Do We Use Cookies?We and our third-party partners may use cookies to store information that helps us provide a secure and efficient service. However, isBIM maintains a minimal data footprint.Strictly Necessary cookies:These cookies are strictly necessary for the website to operate and to provide you with our services, such as setting your privacy preferences or ensuring site security via Cloudflare. Because these cookies are strictly necessary, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our services function.Note: We do not use Targeting or Advertising cookies on this website.Your Choices, Your ControlYou can control which cookies are used in various ways:Browser settings: You can configure your browser to delete cookies, accept cookies, or reject cookies manually at any time.Clear Cache: You can manually delete previously stored cookies via your browser's history settings.Please note: If you configure your browser to reject all cookies (including strictly necessary ones), certain features of the website may not function properly.How Often Will You Update This Statement?We may update this Statement from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons. Please therefore re-visit this Statement regularly to stay informed. The date at the top of this Statement indicates when it was last updated.Where Can I Get Further Information?If you have any questions about how we process your information, please review our Privacy Policy or email us at solution@isbim.com.hk.